In pyloric stenosis,
the muscle in the lower part
of your baby’s stomach,
called the pylorus,
will not allow milk to pass
through into the small intestine.
Normally, the pyloris contracts
or gets smaller to keep food in the stomach
and then relaxes,
growing larger to let food out.
In pyloric stenosis,
the muscle is too big.
It doesn't relax enough
so it stays tight.
Symptoms may start when your baby
is around 3 weeks old.
They may include vomiting,
constipation, green diarrhea,
weight loss,
and stomach pain after eating.
Pyloric stenosis is treated with surgery
to loosen the muscle so food
can pass easily out of the stomach.